Program 4 Tiny File System

1. Names of all partners:
   Ryan Heller, Connie Ho

2. An explanation of how well your TinyFS implementation works:
   Our TinyFS works fairly well with the test drive we have written. We are confident
   that the program shall not seg fault in any cases. It will return different 
   error code when a problem is encoutnered or occured as specify in "tinyFS_errno.h"
   Each specific negative number correspond to a differnent error, hence making
   debugging a little easier. Our TinyFsDemo demonstrates all the required and 
   additional functionalities of the file system we wrote based on the write up
   given to us. 

3. An explanation of which additional functionality areas you have 
   chosen and how you have shown that it works:

   The additional fuunctionality areas we have chosen are:
      1.) Directory Listing and renaming (tfs_rename(), tfs_readdir())
      2.) Read-only and Write Byte Support (tfs_makeRO(char *name), 
          tfs_makeRW(char *name), tfs_writeByte(fileDescriptor FD,
          unsigned char data))
      3.) Timestamps (tfs_readFileInfo(fileDescriptor FD)). 

   In TinyFSDemo, there is a test for tfs_rename() and tfs_readdir(). We
   print out the list of files and directories from original files, then
   change of the filename to something else, print the list using tfs_readdir()
   and the output should be different. Timestamps feature is tested in several 
   different ways. First, creation time should never be changed after the file is
   created. Secondly, modification time only change when there is write option
   happens to the file. Last but not least, access time should change everytime
   when the file is access, for either read/ write operation. Read-only and
   write Byte are tested at the very end using "test3" and "test1" respectively. 

4. Any limitations or bugs your file system has.
   We managed to solve most of the bugs that we can think of during testing phase.
   In the current version of our File System, it works as a fairly well. No-known
   bugs have not been addressed or fixed. 
